Gaza Under Fire
again an Israeli air strike hit the
residential area in the mosque in De
albala overnight killing several
Palestinians and injuring many
more the attack spared no one fing aloa
hospital with victims of all
ages in the aftermath of Thursday strike
on Palestinians queuing for food more
bodies have been
found a team that met victim says many
of those they saw in a North Gaza
hospital had suffered gunshot wounds as
I speak to you this hospital is treating
more than 200 people that were injured
yesterday we have seen people with
gunshot wounds you have seen abuts uh
and we have seen uh children as young as
12 that were injured yesterday uh these
events cannot be allowed to go on uh we
need to have safe secure Passage through
our Gaza to reach the people that need
humanitarian
Aid there have been airdrops of food
from some countries but it hasn't been
nearly enough for the many Palestinians
who are struggling to
survive the UN is now demanding full
access to Northern Gaza we need every
single Crossing into Gaza ultim we need
equipment need food ours people need to
have not just food and weth the
hospitals need equipment they need
special Services they need special
machines but despite Global outcry and
condemnations Aid efforts still face
Relentless obstruction and malnutrition
has a huge problem especially for
children malnutrition plays a major role
in the number of children that come to
us and as a result the number of deaths
happening when a child is supposed to
eat three meals a day and ends up eating
one meal that's not enough for
him dror and Aid groups in Gaza are
calling on the International Community
to confront Israel for its military
actions and ensure that there is urgent
humanitarian relief for its besieged
population Axel zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer